---
date: 2025-10-20
description: Blog - No material change only rhetoric
categories:
  - Advocacy
  - Palestine
---

# No real change

It is surprising how little has changed in the world's first livestreamed genocide despite the loud proclamations of 'ceasefires' on the 10th of October 2025[^1] and a 'peace summit' on the 13th[^2].

<!-- more -->

## Israel keeps killing

For one Israel keeps killing dozens upon dozens of Palestinians. The excuses they use to justify breaking the 'ceasefire' are so flimsy that just repeating them is to engage in an intellectual humiliation which only reinforces the idea that Israel's impunity is more important than truth and justice. A point I refuse to concede.[^3]

Speaking of humiliation, let us talk about the 'peace summit' in Egypt on the 13th of October. A bizarre spectacle in which the leaders of the two main parties to the ceasefire, the state carrying out the genocide (Israel), and the main Palestinian faction resisting it (Hamas) weren't even in attendance. Instead what we saw was the leader of the American empire demanding, and receiving, a public display of boot licking from his vassal states. The only real change is that the complete moral cowardice and complicity of the vassals in the American sponsored Israeli genocide of Palestinians was forced into the open rather than being allowed to operate from the shadows as happened in previous American administrations.

And so, as nothing has really changed from the perpetrators of the genocide, nothing changes for those resisting it, other than the case to boycott, divest, and sanction the murderous genocidal state becoming clearer. That and the news media continuing to run cover for it with credulous reporting becomes even less believable and loses even more trust from the public it is supposed to convince that a genocide is too complicated to think about.

The diplomatic veil hiding the more than seven decade long campaign to ethnically cleanse Palestine has been pierced by us and forced the villains and their toadies into the open. Now we keep resisting to help Palestinians free themselves from the Zionist need to genocide them.

All opinions my own, in the end only God knows best.

[^1]: [Israel says ceasefire has begin - WSJ](https://www.wsj.com/world/middle-east/israel-says-cease-fire-has-begun-troops-start-withdrawing-from-parts-of-gaza-098b90dc)
[^2]: [Egypt Peace Summit - The Conversation](https://theconversation.com/egypt-peace-summit-showed-that-donald-trumps-gaza-deal-is-more-showbiz-extravaganza-than-the-dawn-of-a-new-middle-east-267472)
[^3]: [Israel kills 97 in Gaza since ceasefire - AlJazeera](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/liveblog/2025/10/19/live-israel-kills-97-palestinians-in-gaza-since-start-of-ceasefire)
